{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat0\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat0\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid301\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc4\levelnfcn4\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{lower-alpha\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid302\'02\'01.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid4}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 These are the following design patterns implemented in my contribution of the submission for this assignment:\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\fi-360\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 -	
\i Object Oriented Pattern: CHECKS\
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\fi360\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\i0 \cf0 For this pattern, I decided to implementation this in the CRUD User section. This is specifically shown in the Sign Up view when the user is trying to create a new profile. The way it works is that when users try to input something that is erroneous, then the application will check whether the input is valid depending on certain parameters. Those parameters are the following:\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-360\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 1.	Password: it should be longer than 5 characters to make it secure\
2.	Username: it should also be longer than 5 characters.\
3.	Email: it needs to valid email address\
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\fi360\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Some of the examples shown in the pattern would be Echo Back. This is one of the characteristics of CHECKS, and it is about reporting the errors that users make, for instance if they do not fulfill the requirements of the parameters.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\fi720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 It is important to mention that these parameters are subjected to change as we start developing more our application. As for now, we decided to have the bare minimum for this submission to show a working example of what we are trying to \
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\fi-360\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0\cf0 -	
\i Design Pattern: Input Prompt\
\pard\pardeftab720\li360\fi360\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\i0 \cf0 For this pattern, I decided to change the original implementation which was the Notification use case. This pattern was about creating a clear interface for the users to understand what they should be notified about. \
However, as the focus of the assignment for this week was mostly about CRUD User, CRUD Food and Mood then I decided that it would be best to implement a pattern that would go best with these use cases. So, Input Prompt is about having enough information in the text fields so that users understand what they have to input. These prompting string for information often begins with a call to action that the users have to do based on what the field is about. Therefore, some of the examples that this can be seen in the application are:\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-360\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0\cf0 1.	Login View\
\pard\pardeftab720\li2160\fi-360\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl1\cf0 a.	Username\
b.	Password\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-360\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl1\cf0 2.	Sign Up View\
\pard\pardeftab720\li2160\fi-360\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl1\cf0 a.	Name\
b.	Last Name\
c.	Email Address\
d.	Username\
e.	Password\
}